# Week of November 29h - December 3rd

1) We finished the fromCSV() function and drafted test cases for based upon sample CSVs.

2) We finished the findWeight() function.
   
3) We finished a preliminary verison of the findMileDist() function, which caculated the distance in miles between two geographical points. Issues to be addressed for the future was how to translate mile distances to latitude-longitude values to x-y coordinates in terms of pixels on the map PNG. We also drafted test cases for this function.

4) We finished a preliminary version of the findRadius() function, which determines the distance from a cell at which the contributions to weight from a datapoint becomes irrelevant. This allows us to save runtime by not needed to traverse every single datapoint for every single cell. This required a mathematical calculation based off the population of chicago and our findWeight() function. We also drafted test cases for this function.
   
5) We drafted a preliminary version of generateMapImage() which would take the processed data and generate the actual data visualization in the form of a map png.
   
6) We drafted a preliminary version of findRadiusNeighbors(), which returns all the data points within the radius of a cell. Initially we were planning to use a KDTree for the implementation of this function, but we realized that the runtime would be too poor so we decided to switch to relying primarily on a bucketing-based functionality.

7) We drafted a preliminary verison of the sizing() function which determines a metric to convert lat-long values to ditances.
   
8) We drafted a preliminary version of lltocords() which converts lat-long location values to x-y coordinates on the map png. 
   
9)  We drafted a preliminary version of the Bucket class and findRadiusNeighbors() bucketing algorithim but this required farther debugging.