# Week of December 6th - 10th

1) We finished sizing() and lltocord() and all functions related to the bucket class, meaning that returnRaduisNeighbors worked completely as intended and was tested. This required a lot of debugging and attending two office hours sessions.
   
2) We were able to tweak our generateMapImage() function and produced a valid Heat Map.
   
3) We finished the implementation of the MapGraph class which contained our interpretation of the Graph Data structure. This required several design decisions and an office hour session. We fully tested in after drafint multiple test cases.
   
4) We finished the impleementation of the GraphBFS class and full tested it after debugging a minor issue.
   
5) We performed code-cleaning and reorganization on part 1, including deleting and removing a lot of vestigial code and comments.
   
6) We implemented and debugged the PrimMST() function in the heatmap class which took a graph instance from the MapGraph class and generated a mininum spanning tree. 
   
7) We drafted test cases for the PrimMST() function.

8) We included the returnHotspots() function in the MapGraph class, which took a mininum spanning tree, or any graph, and returned the nodes with the highest degree.

9)  We included an additional visualization feature that took the output of returnHotspots() and rendered hotspot points on our Heat Map PNG output.
   
10) We wrote the final report, final presentation and README.MD files.
    
11) We performed final cleaning of our code.